---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Commitmas
category: code
tags: [ 'code', 'chef', 'ruby', 'learning', 'git', 'github' ]
---

<h2>Welcome to Commitmas</h2>

With this journey into development, I have been exposed to many different tools that help developers create their code and manage that code.

  - IDE's
  - Package management tools
  - Frameworks
  - Repositories

It's this last one I really wanted to focus on. Repositories are places to hold your code as well as keep different versions of your code. These are tracked by who uploads the code, what has changed, and a complete history of what has changed. One of the most popular of these is Git and one of the most popular versions is the publicly available GitHub (which is where this site is hosted!).

Git and GitHub are powerful tools for tracking and maintaining your code but fully understanding all the commands can take time and practice. There are also processes that are followed if you want to make changes to a repository and get these changes added back into the main repo. To help with this practice, Commitmas was created. The idea is that you commit some change or update to your repository every day. There are also options for submitting pull requests and making sure that you understand how the process works using Git.

Learning Git isn't a requirement to be an administrator or engineer, but as we move away from everyday administration and into infrastructure as code and configuration management tools then it does become more important to understand how and why.

I will do a full Git/GitHub post at some point, it's is important to know. But for now, check out [Commitmas]("https://github.com/commitmas/return-of-commitmas") and think about joining up to learn or help others learn.

Together we are better. 
