---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Veeam for Recovery and Backup
category: Veeam
tags: [ 'Veeam' ]
---

We offer backup and recovery services for a number of clients inside our cloud infrastructure. Not all of them use the same software so I have had a chance to play with four different solutions for backup and recovery. Each solution has there strengths for sure, none of them are bad but some are stronger then others. The one I think works the most reliably is Veeam.

There are many places the highlight the benefits of Veeam for backing up or doing restores of VMware based infrastructure. And with the client based agents coming out, that increases the flexibility of what can be backed up and restored to.

Yet, I have a super secret project. I'm working on scripting out the Veeam deployment process through a Chef cookbook. It will not be an "offical" cookbook, but the idea is to download the Veeam installer, run the unattended installation process (where I'm currently stuck at), and do any configuration that will get it up and running through either some kind of rest API call or template document. I think this will come in very handy for cloud engineers who will want to stand up new base Veeam servers for customers or managed multiple Veeam servers and keep the base install and configuration the same across all of the systems.

I'm going to try and dig into this during the week. Please keep an eye out as I work though this cookbook and I will update when I get it deployed to GitHub. 
