---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Movember 2016
category: Health
tags: [ 'Movember', 'personal' ]
---

This post will be pretty short I think. I just wanted to touch upon Movember for mens health.

For the last three years I have participated in Movember to help raise awareness for mens health. The first year, it was really just a reason to grow a moustache really. I didn't take the cause very seriously and didn't appreciate what the group was really trying to do. There are a few movements in November and I admit that I got caught up in the "everyone is doing it" thing.

Last year before it started I actually took notice of what the Movember website had to say. Their journey started kind of like mine. Just to see if we could grow the moustache and bring it back. But after they saw it was a great conversation starter, they decided to use that conversation to help raise money for prostate cancer.

This has now evolved into a global fundraising and awareness event to help promote awareness to mens health issues and stop men from dying at a young age. This became a bit more personal when a friend of mine was found to have cancer and was treated. He is now a survivor and doing well, but if I can help promote the awareness to save more lives then I will.

Please consider donating to [my movember page](http://mobro.co/jesseanderson2). I didn't put a very high goal on there, and I hope to blow it away this month. Another way to support is sign up for Movember and help raise money and awareness! Let me know if you do, we are all in this together.  
